---
type: tournament
title: Nittaku NHTTA Championship of May 2019
---

<a href="/" class="link dim">Tournaments</a> <span class="dib w1 h1 v-btm"><svg viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path d="M10 6L8.59 7.41 13.17 12l-4.58 4.59L10 18l6-6z"></path></svg></span> May 2019

<div class="mt4 pa4 bg-lightest-blue navy">
  The Championship of May 2019 has concluded. We'd like to congratulate division winners, and players on their great performance and sportsmanship, and their supporters, and thank our sponsors for backing us.
  <p>We apologize for any oversights, and are always open to feedbacks via email: <a class="link dim" href="mailto:tournament@nittakuaustralia.com">tournament@nittakuaustralia.com</a>.</p>
  Finally, we hope all participants walk away with a richer experience, new friends, and training partners.
</div>

## Division Winners

{{< tournament/winners >}}

## Timetable

{{< tournament/timetable >}}

## Venue

Nam Ho Table Tennis Academy (*NHTTA*)<br>
<a class="link dim" title="NHTTA on Google Map" href="https://goo.gl/maps/yvLSWixm1Qo">1 / 5 Clyde Street, Rydalmere<br>
NSW, 2116</a>

## Prizes

{{< tournament/prize >}}

† Voucher terms & conditions apply.

Great raffle prizes will be drawn on championship days. Get your tickets on the day!

## Entry

<a class="f6 link dim br1 ph3 pv2 mb2 dib white bg-dark-blue" href="entry-form-nittaku-nhtta-championship.pdf">Entry Form</a>
<a class="f6 link dim br1 ph3 pv2 mb2 dib white bg-dark-blue" href="entries/">Entry List</a>

{{< tournament/entry-requirement >}}

Please send your entry to <a class="link dim" href="mailto:tournament@nittakuaustralia.com?Subject=May+2019">tournament@nittakuaustralia.com</a>, or submit to Sue at the venue. By entering, you have understood and accepted the <a class="link dim" href="#conditions">tournament conditions</a>.

Please ensure your entry has been accepted and recorded accurately on the <a class="link dim" href="entries/">entry list</a>.

Entries after *{{< meta "entry.stop-date" >}}* may not be accepted.


## Round Robin Groups

<a class="f6 link dim br1 ph3 pv2 mb2 dib white bg-dark-blue" href="groups/">Groups Draw</a>

After *{{< meta "entry.stop-date" >}}* groups will be drafted and changes may be made until championship date.

## Knockout Stage

To be announced on championship days.

## Sponsors

{{< tournament/201905/sponsors >}}

## Volunteers

We are grateful to the following volunteers, in no particular order: Tina, Sam, Chee, Wei Dong, Sue Bin, and all un/willing umpires.

## Conditions

By entering, you have read and accepted the following conditions:

1. You shall ensure your entry has been accepted and recorded accurately on the <a class="link dim" href="entries/">entry list</a> before {{< meta "entry.stop-date" >}}, and check round robin <a class="link dim" href="groups/">groups draw</a>.
1. You shall *NOT* enter into events where your rating on {{< meta "entry.stop-date" >}} exceeds the division <a class="link dim" href="#entry-requirement">maximum rating</a>. For Doubles events, both players' ratings must *NOT* exceed the higher division  <a class="link dim" href="#entry-requirement">maximum rating</a>. Should you have no ratings, enter into the events based on your experience level.
1. You shall ensure entry fees are paid prior to event start. Entry fees are non-refundable once the draw is made.
1. You shall check-in at least 15 minutes prior to event start time.
1. *NHTTA* and *Nittaku* reserve all rights to cancel any event. In the event of insufficient entries for any grade, players may be placed in another event at the discretion of *NHTTA* and *Nittaku*.
1. You, nor any agent, shall *NOT* make any claims against *NHTTA* and *Nittaku* of any physical/mental injuries acquired/endured/aggravated, nor any property damage/loss on championship days.
1. You shall *NOT* wear white clothing during matches.
1. You shall appear promptly when called upon to play.
1. You shall umpire at least one match per event entered.
1. Singles events are structured as round robin groups, with top two players of each group advancing to knockout stage. Doubles events are structured as knockouts.
1. The winner of each match shall ensure result is correctly recorded and ball is returned.
1. You shall *NOT* take any food nor drinks on the playing area.
1. You shall uphold fairplay spirit, and acknowledge and accept referees and umpires' decisions in any circumstance.
1. All matches are best of five sets; ITTF rules and regulations are adhered, when permissible.
1. Singles events result shall be submitted to <a class="link dim" href="http://www.ratingscentral.com">Ratings Central</a>.
1. <a class="link dim" href="#prizes">Prizes</a> shall be awarded accordingly. *NHTTA* vouchers must be redeemed within three months after being awarded. Vouchers can *only* be redeemed for *Nittaku* products.
1. You shall waive all rights to decent photograghs and/or decent films taken on championship days. *NHTTA* retains the right to use all photograghs and/or films taken on championship days.
1. *NHTTA* and *Nittaku* reserve the right to disqualify, and/or take further action on, any players failing to observe tournament conditions.
