---
type: tournament
title: Nittaku NHTTA Championship of October 2019
---

{{< crumb "Tournaments::/ > Oct. 2019" >}}

## Timetable

{{< tournament/timetable >}}

## Venue

Nam Ho Table Tennis Academy (*NHTTA*)<br>
<a class="link dim" title="NHTTA on Google Map" href="https://goo.gl/maps/yvLSWixm1Qo">1 / 5 Clyde Street, Rydalmere<br>
NSW, 2116</a>

## Tournament Director

Sue Park<br>
<a class="link dim" href="mailto:{{< meta "email" >}}?Subject=October+2019">{{< meta "email" >}}</a>

## Prizes

{{< tournament/prize >}}

† Voucher terms & conditions apply.

## Entry

<a class="f6 link dim br1 ph3 pv2 mb2 dib white bg-dark-blue" href="entries/new/">Entry Form</a>
<a class="f6 link dim br1 ph3 pv2 mb2 dib white bg-dark-blue" href="entries/">Entry List</a>

{{< tournament/entry-requirement >}}

Please complete <a class="link dim" href="entries/new/">entry form</a>. By entering, you have understood and accepted the <a class="link dim" href="#conditions">tournament conditions</a>.

Please ensure your entry has been accepted and recorded accurately on the <a class="link dim" href="entries/">entry list</a>.

Entries after *{{< meta "entry.stop-date" >}}* may not be accepted.


## Round Robin Groups

<a class="f6 link dim br1 ph3 pv2 mb2 dib white bg-dark-blue" href="groups/">Groups Draw</a>

After *{{< meta "entry.stop-date" >}}* groups will be drafted and changes may be made until championship date.

## Knockout Stage

To be announced on championship days.

## Sponsors

{{< tournament/201910/sponsors >}}

## Volunteers

We are grateful to the following volunteers, in no particular order: Tina, Sam, Sue Bin.

## Conditions

By entering, you have read and accepted the following conditions:

1. The Championship will be conducted by Nam Ho Table Tennis Academy (*NHTTA*).
1. You shall ensure your entry has been accepted and recorded accurately on the <a class="link dim" href="entries/">entry list</a>.
1. You shall *NOT* enter into events where your rating, upon entry, exceeds the <a class="link dim" href="#entry-requirement">maximum rating</a> for those events. For Doubles events, both players' ratings, upon entry, must *NOT* exceed the <a class="link dim" href="#entry-requirement">maximum rating</a> for those events. Should you have no ratings, enter into the events based on your experience level.
1. You shall ensure entry fees are paid prior to event start. Entry fees are non-refundable once the draw is made.
1. You shall check-in at least 20 minutes prior to event start time.
1. *NHTTA* reserves the right to cancel any event. When there are insufficient entries for any grade, players may be placed into another event at the discretion of *NHTTA*.
1. You, nor any agent, shall *NOT* make any claims against *NHTTA* of any physical/mental injuries acquired/endured/aggravated, nor any property damage/loss on championship days.
1. You shall *NOT* wear white clothing during matches as white Nittaku 3-star Premium balls shall be used.
1. You shall appear promptly when called upon to play.
1. You shall umpire at least one match per event entered.
1. Singles events are structured as round robin groups of three, with top two players of each group advancing to knockout stage. Doubles events are structured as knockouts.
1. The winner of each match shall ensure result is correctly recorded and ball is returned.
1. You shall *NOT* take any food nor drinks on the playing area.
1. You shall uphold fairplay spirit, and acknowledge and accept referees and umpires' decisions in any circumstance.
1. All matches are best of five sets; ITTF rules and regulations are adhered, when permissible.
1. Singles events result shall be submitted to <a class="link dim" href="http://www.ratingscentral.com">Ratings Central</a>.
1. <a class="link dim" href="#prizes">Prizes</a> shall be awarded accordingly. *NHTTA* vouchers must be redeemed within three months after being awarded. Vouchers can *only* be redeemed for *Nittaku* products.
1. You shall waive all rights to decent photograghs and/or decent films taken on championship days. *NHTTA* retains the right to use all photograghs and/or films taken on championship days.
1. *NHTTA* reserves the right to disqualify, and/or take further action on, any players failing to observe tournament conditions.
