---
type: tournament
title: Nittaku NHTTA Championship of May 2021
---

<a href="/" class="link dim">Tournaments</a> <span class="dib w1 h1 v-btm"><svg viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path d="M10 6L8.59 7.41 13.17 12l-4.58 4.59L10 18l6-6z"></path></svg></span> May 2021

## Timetable

{{< tournament/timetable >}}

## Venue

Nam Ho Table Tennis Academy (*NHTTA*)<br>
<a class="link dim" title="NHTTA on Google Map" href="https://goo.gl/maps/yvLSWixm1Qo">1 / 5 Clyde Street, Rydalmere<br>
NSW, 2116</a>

## Prizes

{{< tournament/prize >}}

† Voucher terms & conditions apply.

## Entry

<a class="f6 link dim br1 ph3 pv2 mb2 dib white bg-dark-blue" href="entries/new/">Entry Form</a>
<a class="f6 link dim br1 ph3 pv2 mb2 dib white bg-dark-blue" href="entries/">Entry List</a>

{{< tournament/entry-requirement >}}

Please send your entry to <a class="link dim" href="mailto:tournament@nittakuaustralia.com?Subject=May+2021">tournament@nittakuaustralia.com</a>, or submit to Sue at the venue. By entering, you have understood and accepted the <a class="link dim" href="#conditions">tournament conditions</a>.

Please ensure your entry has been accepted and recorded accurately on the <a class="link dim" href="entries/">entry list</a>.

Entries after *{{< meta "entry.stop-date" >}}* may not be accepted.


## Round Robin Groups

<a class="f6 link dim br1 ph3 pv2 mb2 dib white bg-dark-blue" href="groups/">Groups Draw</a>

After *{{< meta "entry.stop-date" >}}* groups will be drafted and changes may be made until championship date.

## Knockout Stage

To be announced on championship days.

## Sponsors

{{< tournament/202105/sponsors >}}

## Volunteers

We are grateful to the following volunteers, in no particular order: Shrirama, Tina, Sam, and all un/willing umpires.

## Conditions

By entering, you have read and accepted the following conditions:

1. The Championship will be conducted by Nam Ho Table Tennis Academy (*NHTTA*).
1. You shall ensure your entry has been accepted and recorded accurately on the <a class="link dim" href="entries/">entry list</a>.
1. You shall *NOT* enter into events where your rating, upon entry, exceeds the <a class="link dim" href="#entry-requirement">maximum rating</a> for those events. For Doubles events, both players' ratings, upon entry, must *NOT* exceed the <a class="link dim" href="#entry-requirement">maximum rating</a> for those events. Should you have no ratings, enter into the events based on your experience level.
1. You shall ensure entry fees are paid prior to event start. Entry fees are non-refundable once the draw is made.
1. You shall check-in at least 20 minutes prior to event start time.
1. *NHTTA* reserves the right to cancel any event. When there are insufficient entries for any event, players may be placed into another event at the discretion of *NHTTA*.
1. You, nor any agent, shall *NOT* make any claims against *NHTTA* of any physical/mental injuries acquired/endured/aggravated, nor any property damage/loss on championship days.
1. You shall *NOT* wear white clothing during matches as white Nittaku 3-star Premium balls shall be used.
1. You shall appear promptly when called upon to play.
1. You shall umpire at least one match per event entered.
1. Singles events are structured as round robin groups of three, with top two players of each group advancing to knockout stage. Doubles events are structured as knockouts.
1. The winner of each match shall ensure result is correctly recorded and ball is returned.
1. You shall *NOT* take any food nor drinks on the playing area.
1. You shall uphold fair play spirit, and acknowledge and accept referees and umpires' decisions in any circumstance.
1. All matches are best of five sets; ITTF rules and regulations are adhered, when permissible.
1. Singles events result shall be submitted to <a class="link dim" href="http://www.ratingscentral.com">Ratings Central</a>.
1. <a class="link dim" href="#prizes">Prizes</a> shall be awarded accordingly. *NHTTA* vouchers must be redeemed within three months after being awarded. Vouchers can *only* be redeemed for *Nittaku* products.
1. You shall waive all rights to photographs and/or films taken on championship days. *NHTTA* retains the right to use all photographs and/or films taken on championship days.
1. *NHTTA* reserves the right to disqualify, and/or take further action on, any players failing to observe tournament conditions.

### COVID-19

<ol start="20">
  <li>Players and patrons are not to enter the venue if unwell or having cold/flu like symptoms.</li>
  <li>On entry to the venue, all persons who have a smart phone must register attendance using the QR code system. Those who do not have a smartphone must complete the manual attendance register.</li>
  <li> All persons must use hand hygiene on entering the venue. Players and patrons are asked to undertake hand hygiene throughout the day and on departure from the venue.</li>
  <li>Players are required to keep their towel and water bottle within their personal bag. The towel and water bottle can be placed next to the umpire chair as required.</li>
  <li>Following the completion of a match, players will acknowledge their opponent and umpire but no shaking of hands shall occur. Players will not touch their opponent’s bat, but still have the right to inspect the nature of table tennis rubbers being used by their opponent.</li>
  <li>Players will not wipe the playing table with their hand.</li>
<ol>
